Several key changes were made here:
  - enemies now deal damage, and can be damaged
  - player now has slash attack
  - several edits to player movement
  - new gameobject --> sprite
  - revamped ui/menus/organisation


1-2. Enemy & Player health / damage
  I added a slash attack to the player (which acts as a sword swing), and deals damage to enemies in the direction you're facing. Inspired by 
  Hollow Knight, the slash has 4 directions: left, right, up and down, where the up and down directions are slightly longer in distance so they
  are less cumbersome to use. Both the player (wielding the sword), and the enemy you're hitting, recieve knowckback upon a successful hit,
  which can even be used to juggle some enemies around (very fun imo). Upon getting damaged by contact with an enemy, the player also recieves
  knockback. When down slashing on an enemy, you recieve an extra boost up, allowing you to stay in the air when down hitting enemies. Enemies
  (currently only the scuttler) have pre-defined damage upon being spawned (20), and the player's attack damage gets subtracted from this every
  time its hit. if it dips below 0, then the enemy is respawned currently for testing purposes.

3. new player movement
  Momentum is now conserved when bunny-hopping (buffered jumps), and is even multiplied by 1.2 every jump, which allows for crazy moentum to be
  acquired. dashes now take into account momentum, and add it to the dash, so with a lot of momentum, the dash is stretched out significantly.
  wall jumpign with horizontal momentum results in 25 percent of it getting converted to vertical momentum, and the rest reflected. (fun jumps).
  moving platforms now add their velocity to your momentum, which gives you a speed boost upon jumping (cool). Extra stuff I probably forgot.

4. new game object called 'sprite', which essentially acts as background texture, and can hold single images for now (animations to come)

5. new ui, meaning that all uis (game & level editor) now combined into one main screen to start, with option buttons to choose next steps. 
    had to write new main class 'start' to hold this.
